A website is a collection of web pages and related material that is published on at least one web server and given a shared domain name. A static website is one that has web pages stored on the server in the format that is sent to a client web browser. It is primarily coded in Hypertext Markup Language (HTML); Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) are used to control appearance beyond basic HTML. HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is the most basic building block of the Web. It defines the meaning and structure of web content. Other technologies besides HTML are generally used to describe a web page's appearance/presentation (CSS) or functionality/behavior (JavaScript). HTML tags are like keywords which defines that how web browser will format and display the content. With the help of tags, a web browser can distinguish between an HTML content and a simple content. HTML tags contain three main parts: opening tag, content and closing tag. But some HTML tags are unclosed tags. CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. It allows one to adapt the presentation to different types of devices, such as large screens, small screens, or printers. The separation of HTML from CSS makes it easier to maintain sites, share style sheets across pages, and tailor pages to different environments. In CSS, a class is a group of elements that are the same or similar. You can have as many elements as you want in a class. And each element can be the member of multiple classes. Every class has CSS attributes (like color and font-size) that are specific to that class.
